Adding the Test Connector (#233)
Vantiq/vantiq-extension-sources: testConnector/README.md

# Overview

> The following documentation outlines how to incorporate a Test Connector as part of your project. This connector is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines the Test Connector. This connector is used primarily
```

> for testing the Connector Deployment tools in the Vantiq server, but is also a good example to follow when creating new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for testing the Connector Deployment tools in the Vantiq server, but it is also a reasonable model for creating new 
```

connectors. It offers the ability to retrieve data from files or environment variables, which can be done either via 
publish/select requests, or by setting source configurations to poll for data from files.

In order to incorporate this Enterprise Connector (also known as an Extension Source), you will need to create the 

> Source in the Vantiq IDE. The documentation has been split into two parts, [Setting Up Your Machine](#machine) and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source in the Vantiq system. The documentation has been split into two parts, [Setting Up Your Machine](#machine) and 
```

[Setting Up Your Vantiq IDE](#vantiq).

# Prerequisites <a name="pre" id="pre"></a>

An understanding of the VANTIQ Extension Source SDK is assumed. Please read the [Extension Source README.md](../README.md) 
for more information.

The user must [define the TestConnector Source implementation](../README.md#-defining-a-typeimplementation) in the 
Vantiq IDE. For an example of the definition, please see the 
[*testConnectorImpl.json*](src/test/resources/testConnectorImpl.json) file located in the *src/test/resources* directory.

Additionally, an example project named *testConnectorExample.zip* can be found in the *src/test/resources* directory.

> *   In order to activate the polling feature, simply remove the source configuration comments.

Reviewer: What are comments in JSON? JSON doesn't have comments

And I don't see any things to remove in your example def'n.

[server config file](#serverConfig) as the first argument. Note that the `server.config` file can be placed in the 
`<install location>/testConnector/serverConfig/server.config` or `<install location>/testConnector/server.config` 
locations.

## Logging
To change the logging settings, edit the logging config file `<install location>/testConnector/src/main/resources/log4j2.xml`,
which is an [Apache Log4j configuration file.](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/configuration.html). The logger 
name for each class is the class's fully qualified class name, *e.g.* "io.vantiq.extjsdk.ExtensionWebSocketClient".  

## Server Config File
(Please read the [SDK's server config documentation](../extjsdk/README.md#serverConfig) first.)

### Vantiq Options
*   **authToken**: Required. The authentication token to connect with. These can be obtained from the namespace admin.
*   **sources**: Required. A comma separated list of the sources to which you wish to connect. Any whitespace will be
    removed when read.
*   **targetServer**: Required. The Vantiq server hosting the sources.

> # Setting Up Your Vantiq IDE <a name="vantiq" id="vantiq"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Setting Up Your Vantiq Source <a name="vantiq" id="vantiq"></a>
```

## Source Configuration

> To set up the Source in the Vantiq IDE, you will need to add a Source to your project. Please check the [Prerequisites](#pre) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Source in the Vantiq system, you will need to add a Source to your project. Please check the [Prerequisites](#pre) 
```

> to make sure you have properly added a Source Definition to your Vantiq namespace. Once this is complete, you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make sure you have properly added a Source Implementation definition to your Vantiq namespace. Once this is complete, you can 
```

> select TestConnector (or whatever you named your Source Definition) as the Source Type. You will then need to fill out 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
select TestConnector (or whatever you named your Source Implementation) as the Source Type. You will then need to fill out 
```

the Source Configuration Document.

The Configuration document may look similar to the following example:

> 

Reviewer: no "comments" here...  

I think you're really meaning to change the property names to have funky stuff so they aren't seen as `filenames` and `pollingInterval`...

    {
       "testConfig": {
          "general": {
             "filenames": ["file1.txt", "file2.txt", "file3.txt"],
             "pollingInterval": 5000
          }
       }
    }

### Options Available for testConfig
**Note:** The "testConfig" and "general" portions must be included in the source configuration, but they can be left
empty.
*   **filenames**: Optional. A list of String filenames from which to read data. The data will be sent back to Vantiq
as a notification arriving on the source.

> *   **pollingInterval** Optional. If a list of filenames is provided, a custom polling interval can be specified (in 

Reviewer: Minor tweak -- but I'd make this required.  If not specified, no polling happens.  `filenames` is an odd way to require polling.  Yes, this requires a code change, but I think it's a better way to do things.

milliseconds) to define how frequently to read the data. If not specified, the connector will default to reading data 
once per minute.

Read the [Publish Statements](#publish) section to see how to process the returned data.

## Select Statements

Both Select and Publish statements can be used to retrieve data from files or environment variables. Using select 

> statements will return the results (or any errors) directly do the caller. To retrieve data, the select statement must 

Reviewer: If the connector will function without them, then not 'must'...

include a `WITH` clause that contains a `filenames` and/or an `environmentVariables` parameter. Both parameters are 

> optional, and if neither is included then the connector will do nothing. Both parameters must be lists of Strings, 

Reviewer: Here, it might be useful to make it a requirement that one or the other is present, and generate an error if not.  That allows you to show how query errors can be built in the connector.  Useless for our tests, but helpful as an example.

representing filenames or environment variable names, respectively.

The following example uses a Vail Select Statement to retrieve data from files and environment variables:
```
PROCEDURE queryTestConnector()

SELECT * FROM SOURCE TestConnector1 as results WITH
    filenames: ["testFile1.txt", "testFile2.txt"],
    environmentVariables: ["MY_ENV_VAR1", "MY_ENV_VAR2"]

var fileResponse = results.files
var envVarResponse = results.environmentVariables

for (file in fileResponse) {
    // Could do work with object here but we just log as an example
    log.info(file.toString())
}

for (envVar in envVarResponse) {
    // Could do work with object here but we just log as an example
    log.info(envVar.toString())
}
```

### Query Response Format
The query will return data for the files and/or environment variables as follows:

```
{
    files: {
        testFile1.txt: "The data in testFile1.txt",
        testFile2.txt: "The data in testFile1.txt"
    },
    environmentVariables {
        MY_ENV_VAR1: "The data in MY_ENV_VAR1",
        MY_ENV_VAR2: "The data in MY_ENV_VAR2"
    }
}
```

## Publish Statements <a name="publish" id="publish"></a>

> The publish statements behave almost identically to the select statements, except that the data is returned to Vantiq as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The publish statements behave almost identically to the select statements, except that the data is sent to Vantiq as
```

> a notification arriving on the source. This data and be processed using a Rule. The publish request uses the same two 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a notification arriving on the source. This data can be processed using a Rule. The publish request uses the same two 
```
